PREVIOUSLY ON "BATWOMAN"...
TOMMY SAID THAT THIS BOOK
HOLDS THE KEY
TO KILLING BATWOMAN,
AND I WANT HER
VERY, VERY DEAD.
MOUSE: LUCIUS FOX WROTE
THE ENTIRE JOURNAL IN CODE!
JULIA: YOU DID IT!
YOU KNOW WHAT IT SAYS?
WHY AREN'T YOU
HAPPIER ABOUT THIS?
LUKE: THE BOOK CONTAINS
THE SECRET TO KILLING YOU.
THESE ARE LUCIUS FOX'S
GLASSES.
THEY UNLOCK THE CODE.
LET LUKE AND JULIA GO,
AND THEY'RE YOURS.
ALICE: GO BRING ME
TOMMY SO HE CAN TELL ME
WHERE TO FIND
A LITTLE GREEN ROCK
CALLED KRYPTONITE.
-I HAVE TO DO THIS.
-I HAVE TO STOP YOU.
YOU WON'T BE ABLE TO.
YOU'D BE SURPRISED.
KARA: KRYPTONITE.
WHY DO YOU HAVE THAT?
IT WAS BRUCE WAYNE'S.
HE LOST HOPE.
I NEVER WILL.
KEEP IT,
AND I HAVE THE COURAGE
THAT YOU'LL NEVER
HAVE TO USE IT.
MAN: BATWOMAN'S
IN CELL BLOCK D.
NO. PLEASE. DON'T.
JACOB: PSYCHOTIC ESCAPEES
ARE ALL OVER THIS CITY
RIGHT NOW THANKS TO YOU.
LET THIS SERVE
AS YOUR WARNING.
IF I SEE YOU AGAIN,
IT'S WAR.
WOMAN, ON P.A.: THIS IS
THE BURNLEY LINE
BOUND FOR CENTRAL GOTHAM.
MAN: HEY, HEY!
WOMAN: HURRY, HURRY.
DIFFERENT WOMAN: GO!
AAH!
MOVE, MOVE, MOVE!
OUT OF THE WAY!
JACOB: BACK, BACK, BACK!
GET AWAY FROM THE TRAIN!
GET AWAY
FROM THE TRAIN!
DROP THE KNIVES!
HYAH!
WHY? SO YOU CAN SEND
ME BACK THERE?
AAH!
THESE ARE
INNOCENT PEOPLE!
I DON'T CARE!
AAH! AAH! AAH!
RAAH!
ERR!
OHH.
I THOUGHT I TOLD YOU
TO STAY IN THE CAR.
WHO THE HELL
WAS THAT?
I HAVE NO IDEA.
VESPER: RUMOR HAS IT,
THE MACHETE-WIELDING MANIAC
WAS ARKHAM ESCAPEE
AND COLLEGE FOOTBALL PHENOM
TIM "THE TITAN" TESLOW.
SINCE APPARENTLY
THE CROWS COMMANDER
COULDN'T TAKE DOWN
THIS HULKING GOTHAM GOLIATHS
TIGHT END
WITH A 12-GAUGE,
LET'S HOPE BATWOMAN
HAS A SLINGSHOT
IN HER BATBELT.
HAVE YOU SEEN THIS?
THE CROWS HAVE
AN APP NOW.
DARLING, MY LIGHT.
IT'S HARD ENOUGH TO SEE
OUT OF LUCIUS FOX'S GLASSES.
YOU JUST PUSH
THE BUTTON,
AND THE ANTS COME
MARCHING IN.
ANYONE WITH A PHONE
CAN USE IT,
CLIENT OR NOT,
WHICH MEANS ANYONE
WITH A PHONE
CAN TURN US OVER
WITH THE CLICK
OF A SCREEN.
WE GOT TO GET OUT
OF GOTHAM, ALICE.
WHAT IS THAT?
AAH! OHH!
OOH, THE BATS!
WHAT IS HAPPENING?
WHY ARE THEY HERE?
BECAUSE BATS EAT
RATS, ALICE,
AND THAT'S WHAT
WE ARE DOWN HERE.
WE ARE RATS LIVING
AMONG RATS.
YOU PROMISED ME
THAT WE WOULD START
A NEW LIFE TOGETHER
OUTSIDE OF ALL THIS,
BUT WE CAN'T DO THAT
IF THE CROWS FIND US
AND KILL US.
HOW IS ONE SUPPOSED
TO START ANEW
WHEN ALL THAT IS OLD
STILL HAUNTS HER?
IS THAT THE ALICE
YOU WANT TO FROLIC BESIDE
IN OUR WONDERLAND,
OR DO YOU WISH YOUR ALICE
TO BE FULL AND COMPLETE
AND HAPPY, HMM?
YOU KNOW THAT'S
WHAT I WANT.
THEN PATIENCE
UNTIL I CAN FIGURE OUT
WHERE TO FIND THIS ROCK
THAT PENETRATES THE BATSUIT,
A HIDING SPOT LUCIUS FOX
FORGOT TO MENTION
IN HIS JOURNAL.
TOMMY: ALICE!
WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?
YOU CALL THIS,
THIS A FACE?!
-REALLY, THIS?!
-HA HA HA!
I DON'T SEE THE PROBLEM.
I GOT YOU THE JOURNAL,
I HELPED YOU DECODE IT,
BECAUSE OF ME YOU
KNOW HOW TO KILL
YOUR SISTER BATWOMAN.
THAT'S TRUE.
BUT I AM NOT ABOUT
TO SPEND THE REST
OF MY LIFE LOOKING LIKE
THE BASTARD
THAT COULDN'T GET THE RODS
IN THE NUCLEAR REACTOR
IN TIME!
GIVE ME A FACE
I CAN WEAR!
MOUSE: HA HA HA!
THAT'S GOOD.
SHOOT HER DEAD.
THAT'LL GET YOU YOUR FACE,
YOU STUPID IDIOT.
IT'S QUITE
ALL RIGHT, MOUSE.
I CAN TAKE A NOTE.
MOUSE: WAIT. WHAT?
NO. YOU CAN'T ACTUALLY
BE LISTENING TO HIM.
ALICE: I OWE HIM A FACE,
WHICH MEANS
I'LL NEED TO GO
TO THE UNIVERSITY MORGUE
FOR BETTER MATERIALS--
SKIN, THREADS, SCALPELS,
YOU KNOW THE DRILL.
BACK SOON.
ALICE!
YOU ARE HOLDING THE ONLY
SHARD OF KRYPTONITE
ON THE PLANET.
WHY WAS THIS
IN A PUDDLE
IN THE BATCAVE?
SAFEKEEPING.
BRUCE WAS HOLDING ONTO IT
FOR A FRIEND.
LET ME GUESS--
TIGHTS, CAPE,
BIG "S"
ON HIS CHEST.
HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?
LUCKY GUESS.
SO WHY FISH IT OUT
OF A PERFECTLY GOOD
HIDING SPACE?
WELL, ALICE KNOWS THAT
THIS CAN PENETRATE
THE BATSUIT
ALONG WITH WHATEVER ELSE
MY DAD WROTE ABOUT IT
IN HIS JOURNAL.
HAMILTON'S COIL ACCELERATOR
IS DEFUNCT,
YOU MELTED DOWN
BRUCE'S RAIL GUN,
AND ONCE I FIGURE OUT
HOW TO DESTROY THIS,
BATWOMAN IS AS GOOD
AS INVINCIBLE.
UNLESS YOU KNOW
SOMETHING I DON'T.
NOPE. GO TO TOWN.
OK.
HEY. I THOUGHT WE WERE
BATHUDDLING
OVER THIS TITAN TESLOW
PSYCHO.
BATHUDDLING
ISN'T A THING,
AND I'M OFF TO DESTROY
AN ALIEN MINERAL.
UH...HUH.
JUST ANOTHER DAY
ON THE BATTEAM?
PRETTY MUCH.
SO TIM "THE TITAN" TESLOW,
OBVIOUSLY YOU KNOW
THE BASICS, RIGHT?
JUST REMIND ME AGAIN.
HE WAS PRETTY MUCH
THE GOLIATHS' BEST
TIGHT END OF ALL TIME.
A TD EVERY GAME,
OVER 100 CATCHES
AND 1,000 YARDS
EVERY SEASON.
LET'S NOT ASSUME
I KNOW WHAT ANY
OF THOSE WORDS MEAN
BECAUSE I'M A LESBIAN.
UH. HE WAS REALLY,
REALLY GOOD AND BRUTAL,
AS IN GLADIATORESQUE.
TURNS OUT THERE'S
A NOT-SO-SECRET SECRET
TO ALL OF HIS SUCCESS.
SAY IT WITH ME--
STEROIDS!
SEXY CHEERLEADERS!
POINT BEING IT ALL CAME
TO A HEAD
DURING A PLAYOFF GAME
AGAINST THE COUGARS.
TITAN DIDN'T LIKE A CALL
AND WENT STRAIGHT-UP
MORTAL KOMBAT FINISHING MOVE
AGAINST THE OFFICIAL.
HE SNAPPED HIS NECK
ON THE FIELD
IN FRONT OF A STADIUM
FULL OF PEOPLE.
OOF.
SINCE WHEN DID YOU
BECOME A GOLIATHS FAN?
SINCE TITAN'S BROTHER
APOLLO STARTED DATING
SELU COROVA.
APOLLO'S THE GOLIATHS'
RUNNING BACK.
YOU SERIOUSLY NEED TO GET
OUT OF THAT BATCAVE.
I SERIOUSLY NEED TO
SUIT UP AND TALK
TO THIS BROTHER.
MIGHT KNOW TITAN'S
WHEREABOUTS.
ARE WE SURE THAT'S
THE BEST IDEA?
I DO, MISS "BATWOMAN
DOESN'T GET A SICK DAY."
I SAID THAT BEFORE
COMMANDER KANE PROMISED
IF HE EVER SAW BATWOMAN
AGAIN IT'D BE WAR.
I FEEL LIKE GOTHAM'S
GOT ENOUGH GREEK TRAGEDY
HAPPENING AT THE MOMENT.
YOU DON'T KNOW MY DAD
LIKE I DO.
I DO, THOUGH,
BECAUSE HE'S MY DAD, TOO.
NOT WHAT I MEANT.
JUST I KNOW HOW HE GETS,
AND I KNOW WAYS
OF GETTING AROUND HIM.
LIKE WHEN TEENAGE KATE
WANTED A CROWS SUV,
HE SAID NO,
YOU TOOK ONE ANYWAY,
AND HE HAD YOU ARRESTED,
OR WHEN HE SAID
NO PARTIES IN THE PENTHOUSE,
AND YOU HAD ONE ANYWAY,
AND HE CALLED
THE POLICE COMMISSIONER
TO LAND A HELICOPTER
ON THE ROOF TO HAVE
YOU ARRESTED?
I CAN KEEP GOING.
IF I CAN STOP TITAN
BEFORE HE KILLS
ANYONE ELSE,
THEN MY DAD AND THE REST
OF THE CROWS,
THEY MIGHT START SEEING
BATWOMAN AS ONE
OF THE GOOD GUYS.
JACOB KANE WILL NEVER
SEE A VIGILANTE AS ONE
OF THE GOOD GUYS.
JACOB KANE HAS NEVER MET
A VIGILANTE WHO IS
ALSO HIS DAUGHTER.
IF I CAN START CHANGING
THE WAY THAT HE SEES BATWOMAN,
THEN MAYBE ONE DAY
I CAN COME CLEAN
ABOUT WHO BATWOMAN
REALLY IS.
DON ELEKTRON, MACHA KIDDO,
♪ I'M A WINNER,
I'M A, I'M A WINNER ♪
♪ INDEPENDENT,
MAKE MY OWN MOOLAH ♪
♪ I'M A WINNER,
MY OWN BREADWINNER ♪
♪ GIRL IN THE MIRROR,
A GO GO GETTER ♪
♪ GO GO GETTER,
GO GO GETTER, GO GO GETTER ♪
PROFESSOR DARBY,
I PRESUME.
♪ A GO GO GETTER
YOU.
FOR A MAN WHO PLAYS
WITH ROCKS ALL DAY,
THIS MUST BE
VERY EXCITING,
BUT IT DOESN'T HAVE TO BE.
I AM LOOKING
FOR A LITTLE GREEN NUGGET
CALLED KRYPTONITE.
-KRYPTONITE?
-MM-HMM.
YOU MEAN KAOLINITE.
DO I, OR DO I
MEAN KRYPTONITE?
MAYBE KIMBERLITE
OR KYANITE
OR, UM, CHAROITE.
THE HEAD OF
THE GEOLOGY DEPARTMENT,
AND DUMB AS--
PROFESSOR DARBY,
YOUR NAME WAS WRITTEN
BESIDE IT IN A JOURNAL.
GLOWS GREEN,
CUTS THROUGH ANYTHING.
A MINERAL WITH
A NATURAL GREEN
LUMINESCENCE
AND STRONG
COVALENT BONDS
WITH THAT KIND
OF CUTTING POWER?
ACTUALLY, I DID
ANALYZE SOMETHING
WITH THOSE
PROPERTIES ONCE.
IT WASN'T CALLED
KRYPTONITE.
IT WAS SOME KIND OF
RARE METEOR ROCK.
THERE YOU GO.
-HAND IT OVER.
-I CAN'T.
IT WAS SENT BACK
TO ITS OWNER--
LUCIUS FOX.
HMM. LUCIUS FOX
IS DEAD.
IT--IT JUST SAYS,
"LUCIUS FOX,
WAYNE ENTERPRISES,
GOTHAM CITY."
AND WHAT DO YOU
SUPPOSE I DO,
JUST WALTZ INTO WAYNE
AND ASK FOR IT NICELY?
I DON'T KNOW, OK?
IT'S NOT HERE.
YOU NEED TO GO TALK
TO THEM.
WELL, THEN I SUPPOSE
THAT'S WHAT I'LL DO.
UNTIL THEN, IT'S PROBABLY
BEST NOBODY KNOWS
I WAS HERE, HMM,
AND WITH THAT...
I BELIEVE THE GEOLOGY DEPARTMENT
NEEDS A NEW HEAD.
STILL HASN'T CHECKED IN
SINCE YOU LOOKED
10 SECONDS AGO.
SORRY IF THE IDEA
OF MY DAD KILLING MY SISTER
IS SOMEWHAT
OF A CONCERN TO ME.
THE SUIT IS BULLETPROOF.
BESIDES, KATE KNOWS
WHAT SHE'S DOING.
NO. KATE THINKS SHE
KNOWS WHAT SHE'S DOING,
WHICH CAN BE WORSE
THAN MOST PEOPLE
NOT KNOWING
WHAT THEY'RE DOING.
YEAH. ME INCLUDED
APPARENTLY.
LOOK. I'VE TRIED
ACETIC, SULFURIC,
AND HYDROCHLORIC--
ALL NONREACTIVE.
I CAN SEE WHY THIS THING
CAN PENETRATE THE BATSUIT.
HAVE YOU TRIED
CRUSHING IT?
WITH WHAT, A HAMMER?
-I SAID I WAS NERVOUS.
-RIGHT.
SINGER: ♪ OOH, OH,
OOH, OH ♪
♪ I LIKE THE PRESSURE,
I LIKE THE PRESSURE ♪
♪ OOH, OH,
OOH, OH ♪
♪ I'M NOT AFRAID OF THE STORM
'CAUSE IT'S ALL MINE ♪
KATE: I'M EXHAUSTED
JUST WATCHING YOU.
WHO'S THERE?
SOMEONE WHO THINKS
YOU'RE PRETTY BOLD
TO BE RUNNING BLEACHERS
WITH TITAN ON THE PROWL.
IF THIS IS ABOUT
SEASON TICKETS,
I CAN'T HELP YOU.
IF THIS IS
ABOUT MY BROTHER,
I CAN'T HELP YOU.
I GUESS MY QUESTION IS
ARE YOU HELPING HIM?
YOU'RE THE ONLY FAMILY
HE HAS LEFT.
I DON'T THINK HE
SEES IT THAT WAY,
NOT AFTER I TESTIFIED
AGAINST HIM
AND GOT HIM SENT AWAY
TO ARKHAM.
YOU DID THE RIGHT THING.
GOT A DANGEROUS PSYCHOPATH
OFF THE STREETS.
-HE'S NOT A PSYCHOPATH.
-TELL IT TO THE REF
HE MURDERED
ON THE FIELD.
HE WANTED TO WIN
SO MUCH THAT HE WAS
WILLING TO HAVE
HIS SOUL BEATEN
OUT OF HIM--
EVERY PRACTICE,
EVERY GAME,
EVERY HIT
TO THE HEAD.
YOU KNOW,
HE USED TO WALK
THE NEIGHBORHOOD KIDS
TO THE BUS TO MAKE
SURE THEY WERE SAFE?
10 YEARS LATER, HE
RIPPED A REF'S SPINE
OUT OF HIS NECK.
THIS GAME TURNED HIM
INTO A MONSTER.
THEN HELP ME MAKE SURE
HE DOESN'T DIE ONE.
MAKE SURE HE GETS
THE HELP HE NEEDS.
TELL ME WHERE TO FIND HIM.
APOLLO!
YOU BETRAYED ME!
THIS IS THE PART
WHERE YOU RUN.
AAH!
OH!
YOU ABANDONED ME
TO A PRISON.
NOW THIS ONE
WILL BE YOURS.
UNH!
I'M REPORTING LIVE HERE
AT THE SCENE
OF YET ANOTHER GRISLY ATTACK
BY THE FUGITIVE
TIM "THE TITAN" TESLOW,
AND THIS TIME, THE VICTIM
WAS HIS OWN BROTHER,
STAR RUNNING BACK
FOR THE GOTHAM GOLIATHS
APOLLO TESLOW.
COMMANDER KANE.
COMMANDER KANE,
ANY COMMENTS
ON THIS LATEST ATTACK,
AND WHAT ABOUT REPORTS
THAT NOT EVEN BATWOMAN
WAS ABLE TO STOP TITAN?
BATWOMAN IS THE REASON
LUNATICS LIKE TITAN ARE
ON THE STREET
IN THE FIRST PLACE.
WE GOT ONE MAN DEAD
AND ONE OF GOTHAM'S
MOST PROMISING ATHLETES
CUT DOWN IN HIS PRIME.
SO YOU DON'T SEE
BATWOMAN'S EFFORTS
TO STOP TITAN
AS HELPFUL?
I SEE BATWOMAN LIKE
I SEE EVERY VIGILANTE--
A THREAT TO THE GOOD PEOPLE
OF THIS CITY.
THE CROWS AND THE GCPD
WILL BRING HER TO JUSTICE,
AND WE WILL NOT
DISCRIMINATE
BETWEEN THE BAT
AND THOSE WHO AID HER,
ABET HER, OR SO MUCH
AS TURN ON A DAMN BAT-LIGHT!
DEWITT: THAT WAS CROWS
COMMANDER KANE
WITH SOME POINTED WORDS
FOR BATWOMAN AND HER FOLLOWERS.
I DON'T REMEMBER TENSIONS
LIKE THESE
SINCE COMMISSIONER LOEB
AND BATMAN,
WHICH BEGS THE QUESTION
WHO IF ANYONE
CAN KEEP GOTHAM CITY SAFE?
I'M GONNA HAVE TO
RESET YOUR SHOULDER.
FAIR WARNING,
THIS IS GONNA HURT A LOT.
UNH!
NO COMMENT.
THAT WAS JULIA.
SHE SAW YOUR DAD
ON THE NEWS
AND THINKS YOU
SHOULD SIT THIS ONE OUT.
YOU MIGHT NOT
HAVE A CHOICE.
I'LL NEED
AN X-RAY TO MAKE SURE,
BUT I'M GUESSING YOU HAVE
A COUPLE OF CRACKED RIBS.
I'LL BE LUCKY
IF IT'S JUST A COUPLE.
I'VE NEVER BEEN UP
AGAINST SOMEONE
THIS STRONG
BEFORE, MARY.
IT WAS LIKE I WAS
NOTHING TO HIM.
ALL THE MORE REASON
TO AVOID A REMATCH
AT LAST FOR A FEW WEEKS
UNTIL YOU'VE HAD
TIME TO HEAL.
I DON'T HAVE
A FEW WEEKS.
TITAN'S ON SOME
KILLING SPREE,
AND WE HAVE NO WAY
OF KNOWING WHO HE'S
GONNA STRIKE AT NEXT.
ACTUALLY, MAYBE
WE DO.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA
BELIEVE THIS.
LUKE: THAT COMMUTER
HE BEHEADED ON THE SUBWAY
WASN'T JUST SOME
RANDOM GUY.
HE HAD A CONNECTION
TO TITAN.
HE USED TO BE AN ADMINISTRATOR
AT HIS UNIVERSITY'S
NEURO CLINIC
UNTIL HE WAS FIRED
FOR...FALSIFYING
STUDENT ATHLETES' BRAIN SCANS.
APOLLO SAID THE GAME
TURNED HIS BROTHER
INTO A MONSTER.
OR THE PEOPLE
BEHIND THE GAME.
WHERE'S THE ROCK?
HIDDEN AMONG 45 STORIES
OF ANYWHERE
AND A MILLION SQUARE FEET
OF POSSIBILITY.
OUR BELOVED LITTLE ROCK
MAY AS WELL BE
A GRAIN OF SAND
UPON A BEACH.
SO...
THAT'S IT THEN.
IT'S NOT HAPPENING.
IT'S OVER.
WE CAN LEAVE NOW.
OR WE CAN WALK RIGHT
THROUGH THE DOOR
AND ASK FOR IT.
HEY!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
EVERYONE KNOWS EYEBROWS
DON'T GROW THEMSELVES.
YOU'RE MAKING HIM
A FACE.
YOU PROMISED ME
WE WERE GONNA KILL HIM.
WE WILL, BUT TODAY,
HE'S AN INTEGRAL PART
OF MY PLAN.
AND TOMORROW?
WHAT THEN?
AND THE NEXT DAY?
WHEN DOES THIS END?
WHY ARE YOU
PRESSURING ME?
BECAUSE WE'RE BEING
HUNTED, ALICE.
IS THIS RABID OBSESSION
WITH YOUR FAMILY
REALLY WORTH IT
IF WE BOTH END UP DEAD?
I SUPPOSE IT IS.
WELL, NOT FOR ME,
IT'S NOT.
IT'S OVER, ALICE.
I'M LEAVING.
HEH. AND WHERE DO YOU
IMAGINE GOING?
WHERE WE'VE ALWAYS
PLANNED TO GO.
TO THE BEAUTIFUL GARDEN
AMONG THE BRIGHT
FLOWER BEDS
AND THE COOL FOUNTAINS.
YOU OUT
IN THE WORLD ALONE?
HA HA HA!
HOW WOULD YOU EVEN
SURVIVE?
THE SAME WAY
I SURVIVED IN ARKHAM
FOR 5 YEARS WITHOUT
YOU VISITING ME ONCE,
NOT ON MY BIRTHDAY
OR A HOLIDAY
OR EVEN JUST BECAUSE.
YOU REALLY THINK
I CAN'T SURVIVE
WITHOUT YOU?
ALICE, BETWEEN
THE TWO OF US,
I'M NOT THE ONE
I'M WORRIED ABOUT.
YOU CAN'T LEAVE ME
ALL ALONE.
THEN DON'T MAKE ME.
FORGET ALL THIS.
COME WITH ME.
I WOULD NEVER LET YOU
LEAVE ME, MY LITTLE MOUSE...
BUT WE MUST LEAVE
GOTHAM THE RIGHT WAY--
-WITH A PARTY.
-HEH.
EVERY SEASON, TITAN
UNDERWENT A MANDATORY
BRAIN SCAN
TO ASSESS
HIS ELIGIBILITY TO PLAY,
AND GOTHAM U CLAIMED THIS
WAS HIS MOST RECENT
BRAIN SCAN.
TOTALLY HEALTHY,
BUT AFTER DIGGING DEEP
INTO THE NEURO CLINIC RECORDS
THANKS TO MARY'S MED SCHOOL
CONNECTIONS...
TECHNICALLY, IT'S NOT
A HIPAA VIOLATION
IF YOU'RE NOT
A REAL DOCTOR.
TURNS OUT THIS...
WAS HIS ACTUAL
BRAIN SCAN.
MARY: OH, GOD.
ALL THOSE YEARS
OF HEAD TRAUMA.
DORSAL POSTERIOR INSULAR IS
BASICALLY SHRIVELED TO NOTHING.
THAT SOUNDS
REALLY BAD.
IT'S THE PART OF THE BRAIN
THAT GOVERNS PAIN.
NO WONDER HE DIDN'T
FEEL THAT BATARANG.
THEY COVER IT ALL UP,
AND THEY GIVE YOU
A BIG, FAT CHAMPIONSHIP RING
FOR YOUR TROUBLES.
WOW. INTERESTING.
GU's COACH DONAHUE TOOK
AN EARLY RETIREMENT
RIGHT BEFORE
THE SCANDAL BROKE.
ALL RIGHT. HE MIGHT
BE TITAN'S NEXT VICTIM.
-UGH.
-WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
YOU CAN BARELY STAND,
MUCH LESS TAKE ON
A LITERAL GOLIATH WHO'S
HELLA IMPERVIOUS TO PAIN.
YEAH. NOT TO MENTION,
THE CROWS WOULD LOVE
TO PUT YOUR POINTY-EARED
HEAD ON A PIKE.
AND WHAT DO YOU
EXPECT ME TO DO, HMM,
STAND DOWN,
JUST LET TITAN RAMPAGE
THROUGH GOTHAM?
MARY: WELL...
THERE IS ANOTHER IDEA...
BUT I DON'T THINK
YOU'RE GONNA LIKE IT.
GO, GO, GO!
IF YOU SEE THE BAT, SHOOT.
GOT SOMETHING
BEHIND THE LIGHT.
DON'T SHOOT!
I'M HERE ON BEHALF
OF BATWOMAN.
OHH! UGH!
JACOB: WHERE IS SHE?
MARY: DAD!
I'M FINE.
EVERYTHING'S OK.
JACOB: WHAT'S GOING ON?
HOW THE HELL DID SHE
GET TO YOU?
CAN YOU JUST PLEASE
TALK TO HER?
YOU JUST MADE THIS
WAY TOO PERSONAL.
KATE, VOICE MODULATED:
WE NEED TO TALK
ABOUT TITAN.
WHICH PART, ABOUT HOW
HE DOESN'T PLAY THE RULES
OR CARE ABOUT
COLLATERAL DAMAGE?
I WANT TO TEAM UP.
WE CAN TAKE HIM ON
TOGETHER.
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
TITAN TOO MUCH FOR
YOUR ARMY OF ONE?
HONESTLY, YEAH.
I COULD USE SOME MUSCLE,
AND YOU COULD USE ME
BECAUSE I KNOW
HOW TO DRAW HIM OUT.
OH, LIKE YOU DREW ME OUT
BY USING MY OWN DAUGHTER?
WHAT SORT OF WANNABE HERO
PUTS AN INNOCENT GIRL
IN FRONT
OF A FIRING SQUAD?
COULD HAVE BLOWN
HER DAMN HEAD OFF!
-AAH!
-EVERYONE OFF THE ROOF NOW!
YOU HEARD HIM. GO. GO.
HOW THE HELL DID SHE
FIND YOU?
SHE DIDN'T.
I FOUND HER.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
I'M SAYING THIS WAS
MY IDEA.
YOU TOLD ME THAT
THE CROWS WANTED TO
MAKE OVER THEIR IMAGE.
WHY NOT START
BY ALLYING YOURSELF
WITH SOMEONE THE CITY
ACTUALLY ROOTS FOR?
YOU DID THIS?
I KNEW I'M ONE
OF THE ONLY PEOPLE
WHO CAN GET
THROUGH TO YOU.
I BELIEVE IN HER, DAD.
MARY, I SAID ANYONE
AFFILIATED WITH HER
WILL BE BROUGHT
TO JUSTICE.
OK. THEN ARREST ME.
ARREST ME
FOR BELIEVING
IN SOMEONE WHO
SAVES LIVES
AND WHO STOPS CRIMINALS
AND WHO INSPIRES HOPE
WITHOUT CHARGING
A PENNY FOR IT!
I'M YOUR DAUGHTER,
AND IF I DON'T BELIEVE
IN WHAT YOU'RE DOING,
THEN HOW CAN YOU EXPECT
A CITY OF STRANGERS TO?
EXCEPT THE PERSON
YOU BELIEVE IN
DOESN'T EVEN HAVE THE GUTS
TO SHOW HER FACE.
I CAN'T SHOW YOU
MY FACE,
BUT I CAN OFFER YOU THIS,
A TRUCE.
WE PARTNER UP
AND PROTECT
THE CITY TOGETHER.
PLEASE.
SO HOW DO WE GET HIM?
I'M AT GOTHAM CITY ARENA
WITH GOTHAM UNIVERSITY'S
FORMER HEAD COACH
KURT DONAHUE.
KURT, WHAT ARE
YOUR THOUGHTS?
IF YOU'RE
LISTENING, TITAN,
I'M SORRY FOR THINKING
THE SPORT WAS BIGGER
THAN A HUMAN LIFE,
AND I HOPE YOU'LL
COME JOIN ME
ON THE 50-YARD LINE,
WHERE I CAN APOLOGIZE
TO YOU IN PERSON.
ALICE: IT'S CALLED
A TRAUMA BOND EXERCISE.
WE DESTROY THE THING
THAT ANCHORS US TO OUR PAIN
SO THAT WE CAN MOVE ON.
LOOK WHO PAID ATTENTION
IN GROUP THERAPY.
-MAYBE A LITTLE.
-HEH.
THIS BOOK IS
OUR CHAIN.
IT LOCKS US
TO THE CATERPILLAR,
THE QUEEN,
THAT BASEMENT CELL.
IT BINDS US TO
EVERY TERRIBLE
AND TWISTED THING
WE WERE FORCED TO ENDURE.
BURNING IT BREAKS
OUR ATTACHMENT
AND FREES US
TO MOVE ON...
WHICH WE ALWAYS
INTENDED TO DO.
MOVE ON.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO US
SHOULD NEVER HAPPEN
TO ANYONE...
BUT THERE'S NO ONE
IN THE WORLD
I WOULD HAVE RATHER
GONE THROUGH IT WITH
THAN YOU.
NOR I WITHOUT YOU.
AND I MEAN THIS
WITH ALL OF MY HEART.
I STILL WANT TO JOIN YOU
IN THE BEAUTIFUL GARDEN...
AND SMELL THE SEASONS
IN BRIGHT FLOWER BEDS
AND MAKE A WISH
IN COOL FOUNTAINS.
I WANT TO MEET A MAN
WITH MANY HATS...
HA HA HA!
AND SMILE BACK
AT THE CHESHIRE CAT
AND RUN...
WITH YOU FOREVER...
THROUGH OUR WONDERLAND.
ALICE.
NO.
WHAT DID YOU DO?
YOU MADE ME CHOOSE.
YOU POISONED ME?
WHY DID YOU DO THAT?
BE--BECAUSE I COULDN'T
LET YOU LEAVE ME.
NOT YOU, TOO.
THIS--
THIS WASN'T
EVEN REAL?
IF ONLY PAIN COULD TURN
TO ASH
WITH THE STRIKE
OF A MATCH...
BUT MY PAIN IS
A PART OF ME
THE WAY MY FAMILY
IS A PART OF ME,
AND YOU COULD NEVER
UNDERSTAND WHY I NEED
TO ENACT MY REVENGE
BECAUSE YOU'VE NEVER
EXPERIENCED...
TRUE BETRAYAL.
AT LEAST NOT
UNTIL NOW.
GOOD-BYE...
MY SWEET MOUSE.
MY BROTHER,
MY EVERYTHING.
I'LL SEE YOU AGAIN
IN WONDERLAND.
ARE WE MISSING
THE COMPANY PARTY
OR SOMETHING?
WHERE'S THE COMMANDER?
IT'S ALL HANDS ON DECK
AT THE ARENA WITH BATWOMAN.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN
WITH BATWOMAN?
THEY TEAMED UP TO
BRING DOWN TITAN.
TWO HOURS AGO,
HE SAID HE'D
ARREST ANYONE
AFFILIATED WITH HER.
NOW HE'S TAGGING HER
INTO THE RING?
SOMETHING'S UP.
WE NEED TO GET THERE.
CALL HER AND GIVE
HER THE HEADS-UP.
SAYING WHAT EXACTLY?
TO WATCH HER 6.
AMY STROUP: ♪ IT'S THE SMOKE
LAYING LOW ♪
♪ BEFORE THE FLAME SHOWS
♪ IT'S THE FAR AWAY LIGHT
♪ IN THE QUIET OF THE NIGHT
I DON'T THINK
THIS GUY IS GONNA SHOW.
COULD THAT HAVE ANYTHING
TO DO WITH ALL THE CROWS
YOU HAVE LYING IN WAIT?
I'M NOT STANDING DOWN
THE WELCOMING COMMITTEE.
LEAVE TACTICAL TO ME.
STROUP: ♪ EVERYBODY
HAS TO FIGHT ♪
♪ SO CHOOSE YOUR
WEAPONS WISE ♪
UH, BATCAVE TO BATWOMAN.
JULIA JUST TEXTED TO--
YEAH. I GOT IT, TOO.
I'LL BE FINE.
JULIA SEEMS TO THINK
OTHERWISE.
JULIA DIDN'T LOOK
INTO MY DAD'S EYES
WHEN SHE SHOOK
HIS HAND, OK?
I'LL BE FINE.
STROUP: ♪ 'CAUSE EVERYBODY
HAS TO... ♪
ISH.
STROUP: ♪ FIGHT
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
SOMEONE CUT THE POWER.
WHY ARE WE
IN THE DARK?
MAN ON COMMS:
NOT SURE, COMMANDER.
WORKING ON IT NOW.
STROUP: ♪ UNDER ATTACK
AAH!
♪ EVERYBODY'S GOT TO TRY
JACOB:
ALL POSITIONS, REPORT IN.
MAN: SECTION 30 CLEAR.
DIFFERENT MAN:
BOX LEVEL CLEAR.
END ZONE ONE--AAH
-IT'S HIM.
-AAH!
AGH!
GO!
-STOP!
-AAH!
-TIM, THIS ISN'T YOU.
APOLLO TOLD ME
WHO YOU ARE--
BIG BROTHER, USED TO WALK
THE NEIGHBORHOOD KIDS
TO THE BUS STOP,
MAKE SURE THEY WERE SAFE.
I KNOW THAT PERSON IS
STILL INSIDE YOU.
I DIDN'T WANT TO
BE THIS.
I KNOW.
YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO KILL HIM!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I PROMISED YOU WAR.
THIS IS WHAT
IT LOOKS LIKE.
WE'RE ON THE SAME TEAM.
YOU CAN'T DO THIS.
WE'RE ON HE SAME TEAM.
UNH!
SOPHIE: STOP!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
SOPHIE: IS THAT WHY
YOU SIDELINED ME TODAY?
IF YOU WANT TO TAKE ME
OFF THE FIELD
TO LAUNCH THIS APP, FINE,
BUT IF YOU'RE USING IT
TO DISTRACT ME WHILE
YOU AND EVERYONE ELSE
ARE TRYING TO
TAKE OUT BATWOMAN--
AND WHY WOULD I NEED
TO DO THAT, AGENT MOORE?
BECAUSE YOU WOULD HAVE
GONE BEHIND YOUR OWN
TEAM'S BACK
TO PROTECT
A CRIMINAL?
I'M PROTECTING YOU
FROM BEING ON THE WRONG
SIDE OF THIS.
WHAT IS IT
ABOUT HER?
YOU, NOW MARY.
TELL ME WHAT
I'M MESSING.
WITH ALL DUE RESPECT,
SIR, HOPE.
IF IT WEREN'T FOR HER,
MY WIFE'S KILLER
WOULD STILL BE
IN ARKHAM.
HOPE IS A LUXURY
I DON'T HAVE.
THOUGHT YOU TWO USED
TO BE TIGHT.
WE ARE.
AT LEAST WE WERE.
I THOUGHT YOU CALLED
BATWOMAN TO WARN HER.
I DID.
SHE DIDN'T LISTEN.
YOU DON'T BELIEVE ME.
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE I'M JUST LOOKING
FOR FLAWS
BECAUSE I'M TERRIFIED
OF BEING IN A RELATIONSHIP
WITH A WOMAN.
OH. NO. I'M PRETTY MUCH
BEING SHADY
BY DESIGN, LUV.
OK.
SO IN ONE OF MY MANY
THRILLING AND SEXY ADVENTURES,
I MET THE WRONG PERSON
AND PROCEEDED TO BETRAY HER.
SO YOU'RE HIDING?
FROM WHO?
HER NAME'S SAFIYAH,
AND I'LL SAY NO MORE
BECAUSE I'LL ONLY
PULL YOU INTO IT.
A SEXY AND THRILLING
ADVENTURE?
MAYBE I WANT TO BE
PULLED IN.
OH, I WISH IT WERE
THAT SIMPLE, LUV.
I KNEW I HAD A TARGET
ON MY BACK.
I JUST DIDN'T KNOW
ITS CIRCUMFERENCE.
THESE WERE LEFT
AT MY HOTEL THIS MORNING.
DO YOU NEED THIS?
HMM.
MY THOUGHTS EXACTLY.
I ACTUALLY PICTURED
MYSELF COMING OUT TO HIM
AS BATWOMAN ONE DAY.
I LOOKED HIM IN THE EYES,
AND I BELIEVED HIM.
I'M REALLY, REALLY
SORRY, KATE.
IF IT MEANS
ANYTHING TO YOU,
I BELIEVED HIM, TOO.
I ALWAYS THOUGHT
WHEN I PUT
THAT SUIT ON
THAT NOTHING
COULD HURT ME...
BUT I WAS WRONG.
HIS BETRAYAL HURT
A MILLION TIMES
MORE THAN ANY
OF THOSE BULLETS.
-MY DAD HATES ME.
-NO.
BATWOMAN.
HE HATES BATWOMAN.
YOU HE LOVES.
HE ONCE LOVED
BETH, TOO.
IN HIS MIND, BATWOMAN
IS JUST AS CRAZY AS ALICE.
HE'S WRONG.
THANK YOU FOR HAVING
MY BACK TODAY.
TO SISTERS.
AM I INTERRUPTING?
COME IN.
MAY I PRESENT TO YOU...
I'LL STICK
WITH BOOZE, THANKS.
WHAT? NO.
THAT'S NOT--
THAT'S KRYPTONITE.
I FIGURED OUT
HOW TO DESTROY IT.
OH, MY GOD.
YOU USED A HAMMER.
OK. MORE LIKE 40,000 TONS
OF COMPRESSIVE FORCE.
WAYNE HAS ACCESS
TO A HYDRAULIC PRESS.
MM-HMM. SO...
JUST A REALLY EXPENSIVE
HAMMER.
YEAH, MARY.
THIS WAS ALL THANKS
TO YOUR BRILLIANT
HAMMER IDEA.
MM-HMM.
POINT BEING
THIS IS WHAT'S LEFT
OF THE ONLY THING
ON EARTH
THAT CAN PENETRATE
THE BATSUIT.
-OK.
-AND THAT IS ME TAKING
THE ONLY WEAPON
THAT CAN KILL YOU
OFF THE TABLE.
BEFORE WE GET TOO COCKY...
NO MORE SECRETS,
NOT BETWEEN US
AND NOT AFTER TODAY.
-WHERE DID YOU GET THAT?
-THE SAME WAY BRUCE DID.
A FRIEND GAVE IT TO ME
FOR SAFEKEEPING
IN CASE SHE EVER
LOST HER WAY.
AND YOU'RE JUST TELLING
US ABOUT IT NOW BECAUSE...
I HONESTLY DIDN'T THINK
YOU'D FIGURE OUT
-A WAY TO DESTROY IT.
-WELL, WE DID,
SO HAND IT OVER.
AND BECAUSE I CAN'T.
IT'S NOT MINE
TO DESTROY.
KATE, IF THAT GETS
INTO THE WRONG HANDS,
IT'LL KILL YOU.
I PROMISED MY FRIEND
I WOULD KEEP IT,
AND SHE TRUSTS ME,
AND UNTIL I CAN TALK
TO HER ABOUT IT,
I NEED YOU GUYS
TO TRUST ME, TOO.
-COME.
-SIR.
THOUGHT THESE
MIGHT INTEREST YOU.
COLLECTED THEM
FROM THE ARENA.
THAT IN PARTICULAR
IS A SLUG
FROM A DESERT EAGLE.
A DESERT EAGLE CAN
SHOOT THROUGH ANYTHING.
WELL, ALMOST ANYTHING, SIR.
THEN WE'RE GONNA
NEED TO FIND
SOMETHING STRONGER.
I MUST ADMIT, TOMMY.
I FIND YOU TO BE
ONE OF THE MOST
LOATHSOME MEN
IN GOTHAM.
VAIN AND UNCOUTH,
HUMORLESS AND DULL.
I PITY ANY WOMAN
WHO CONFUSES THE BUZZ
OF HER MARTINI
WITH YOUR CHARMS.
AND YET HERE YOU ARE.
HMM. MY MASTERPIECE.
WHAT DID YOU DO?
I MADE ALL YOUR DREAMS
COME TRUE.
I LOOK LIKE
BRUCE WAYNE.
YOU MADE ME BRUCE WAYNE.
SO, MY RICH,
HANDSOME,
BELOVED BRUCE,
I NEED YOU TO STRUT
THROUGH THE DOORS
OF WAYNE TOWER
AND GET ME THAT SHARD
OF KRYPTONITE
FROM YOUR DEAR
COUSIN KATE, HMM?
MAN: GREG, MOVE YOUR HEAD!